Docs 2908 incomplete information encrypt mule agent pw hn (#207)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/runtime-manager-agent.adoc

image:logo-cloud-disabled.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="CloudHub"]
image:logo-hybrid-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Hybrid Deployment"]
image:logo-server-active.png[link="/runtime-manager/deployment-strategies", title="Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition"]

> Anypoint Runtime Manager agent is a plugin extension for Mule runtime engine that exposes the Mule API. Runtime Manager (both the MuleSoft-managed cloud console and Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition) uses this agent to communicate with its registered Mule instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Runtime Manager agent is a Mule runtime engine plug-in that exposes the Mule API. Runtime Manager (both the cloud console managed by MuleSoft and Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition) uses this agent to communicate with its registered Mule instances.
```

For information about how the Runtime Manager agent communicates with Runtime Manager, see xref:deployment-strategies.adoc[Deployment Strategies].

> Runtime Manager is available only for Enterprise versions of Mule, not for Community versions. The agent supports Mule 3.6.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Manager is available only for enterprise versions of Mule, not for community versions. The agent supports Mule 3.6.0 or later.
```

> You can use the agent to monitor and control Mule instances by calling Runtime Manager agent APIs from external systems and have Mule publish its data to external systems. Runtime Manager agent features include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the agent to monitor and control Mule instances by calling Runtime Manager agent APIs from external systems and having Mule publish its data to external systems. Runtime Manager agent features include:
```

* Controlling applications, domains, and services:

> ** List, deploy, undeploy, or redeploy domains

Reviewer 2: Managing domains is true only when using the agent in REST transport. When registering a runtime to the platform (websocket transport) it's not possible to manage domains via Runtime Manager UI

> ** List, deploy, undeploy, or redeploy domains.

Reviewer: No period in these two sublist items

** List, deploy, undeploy, get status of, start, or stop applications.
* Publishing Mule metrics to external analytics systems.

== Prerequisites

* The current version of Mule is installed.
+
To download the latest agent, see xref:installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc#download-the-agent-from-the-support-portal[Download the Agent From the Support Portal].
* Your enterprise license is current.
+

> For information on obtaining and installing an enterprise license, see xref:4.1@mule-runtime::installing-an-enterprise-license.adoc[Installing an Enterprise License].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about obtaining and installing an enterprise license, see xref:4.1@mule-runtime::installing-an-enterprise-license.adoc[Installing an Enterprise License].
```

== Installation Location

Runtime Manager agent is installed into your `$MULE_HOME/plugins` directory and reads its configuration from a single `mule-agent.yml` file. For installation instructions and download links, see xref:installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc[Install or Update Runtime Manager Agent].

== Communication Protocols

Runtime Manager agent supports two communication protocols: 

* *WebSockets*
+ 
Establishes a connection from the agent to Runtime Manager (cloud-based or PCE console).
+
When you register the agent with Runtime Manager, the agent first makes an outbound HTTPS connection to Runtime Manager. This connection establishes a new secure, full-duplex WebSocket connection between Runtime Manager and the agent. When Mule starts, the agent securely connects to Runtime Manager, enabling you to monitor and manage Mule remotely using the Runtime Manager console.
+

> If this link goes down while Mule is still running, statistics and analytics are buffered until the WebSocket connection is reestablished. Additionally, there is also a reconnection strategy in place in cases the WebSocket connection drops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this link goes down while Mule is still running, statistics and analytics are buffered until the WebSocket connection is reestablished. Additionally, a reconnection strategy is in place in case the WebSocket connection drops.
```

+
For more information, see xref:installing-and-configuring-runtime-manager-agent.adoc[Install or Update Runtime Manager Agent].

* *REST*
+
Allows direct REST connections (either secure or insecure) between Mule and any external client.
+
This enables external clients to access and manage Mule directly using the xref:runtime-manager-agent-api.adoc[Runtime Manager agent REST API].
+

> For more information, see xref:rtm-agent-REST-connections.adoc[Configure REST Connections With amc_setup Parameters].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see xref:rtm-agent-REST-connections.adoc[Configure REST Connections with amc_setup Parameters].
```

You can manually edit the `mule-agent.yml` file to configure the agent with both communication connections. See xref:rtm-agent-config-yaml.adoc#enable-both-rest-agent-transport-and-websocket-transport[Enable Both REST Agent Transport and WebSocket Transport
].

== Connecting to External Systems

> You can configure the agent plugin to connect Mule to external systems. Use parameters in the installation script (`amc_setup`) to choose communication methods and external systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the agent plug-in to connect Mule to external systems. Use parameters in the installation script (`amc_setup`) to choose communication methods and external systems.
```

> Additionally, MuleSoft provides several open-source Runtime Manager agent modules to enable monitoring outside of Runtime Manager. These module are provided as-is and receive no support from MuleSoft. To access these modules, see these GitHub repositories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, MuleSoft provides several open-source Runtime Manager agent modules to enable monitoring outside of Runtime Manager. These modules are provided as-is and receive no support from MuleSoft. To access these modules, see these GitHub repositories:
```
